Nice job.
10 times the annual bonus
I want to develop a relationship with Adi recently.
Don't bother if there's nothing wrong
Hello, Miss Shen Zongjiang, I am Mr. Shen's assistant.
Just call Gu Tezhu.
Gu Tezhu
Mr. Shen
Brother Mo, I'm angry if you do this again.
Why are you so angry?
I've been watching the news
You were caught by the TV station
Misreporting City Examines Group's Heirs
You don't have to make me happy
Pretending to be rich
I don't care if you have any money
I just want us to be together
You can't lie to me, Miss Jiang, listen to my explanation.
Okay, no need to explain, sister.
I also have my own difficulties
What reason?
In fact, what are you talking about?
Ok I'll take a call
Hello
What!
You came to Haicheng
Brother Mo is really dedicated
In order to pretend to be the richest man, even the manor was arranged
How much will this cost Ali
Let's go!
grandma
Ouch silently
Hahahaha
This is what you said, you have been in the palace second house
Take care of your girl Ali
Hmm ouch
When you see him, you have an eye
Hahaha, I approve of this granddaughter-in-law.
Hello grandma, this mouth is so sweet
Ouch hahaha
Come on, grandma will give you a meet and greet gift, hahaha.
There's a billion on this card.
No password.
Just pocket money
Madam, it's time for your medical examination.
How to arrange this time
I just saw my granddaughter-in-law
It turns out that Shen Mo's grandmother is delusional
No wonder Brother Mo wants to pretend to be the richest man
Grandma's body is the most important thing
You go for a medical examination first.
OK
Ok ok
I finally understand now
You are such a filial grandson
Daxiao grandson